This is where the storage instructions are issued
Command meeting
At Aolong Group
Released at the signing meeting with Baihao Group
Well, that's enough.
Qin Shuangxue followed Gao Xiaoyun
I just want to keep an eye on Gao Xiaoyun's movements in real time
It will go up in time, right?
So sister
This signing meeting
80% of Gao Xiaoyun will be attacked by ninjas
Junior brother, how do you know there is something in the back of his head?
This ninja god is like this
This must be their habit in Dongying
It seems that the reduction of the ninja god
I also missed a lot of things
The legendary ninja god is dead
What, are you shocked?
Impossible, that lord's mana is boundless
invincible
It must have been your subordinates who ambushed him and died
You dare to speak rudely again
I'll kill you now.
You are useless now
I keep my promise
Let's go, everyone, the servants are so trustworthy
There must be some trick
I'm going to count to three, and if you don't leave, I'm going back on it
One or two no
Junior Brother Junior Brother
You are Feng Hu Returning to the Mountain
Not wise.
Sister, there is still half an hour before the signing meeting.
He had no time to interfere with what was about to happen
And I'm counting on him to lead the way
Play hard to get
You are so scheming
Forcibly forcing the palace is too high for us to know
I can't afford to gamble, so it's the best policy to follow the trail
Follow him quietly
Everything can be touched
Okay, it's almost time for me to go
You continue to observe the movements of Cao Lin's remnants
Just leave the rest to me, no problem.
And Sun Baitian, the chairperson of Baihao Group
It's our people
There shouldn't be any big mess
Then I'm leaving